Adds ethAddress type (#1452)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/introduction/standard_library.md

Similar to Rust, Sway comes with its own standard library.

> The Sway Standard Library is the foundation of portable Sway software, a set of minimal shared abstractions for the broader Sway ecosystem. It offers core types, like `Result<T, E>` and `Option<T>`, library-defined operations on language primitives, native asset management, blockchain contextual operations, access control, storage management, and support for consensus layer VM types, among many other things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sway Standard Library is the foundation of portable Sway software, a set of minimal shared abstractions for the broader Sway ecosystem. It offers core types, like `Result<T, E>` and `Option<T>`, library-defined operations on language primitives, native asset management, blockchain contextual operations, access control, storage management, and support for types from other VMs, among many other things.
```
